Similarly to the v-if directive,
what if you not wanted to output a list item here but you wanted to output a heading where you output
the ingredient name, let's say followed by a paragraph where you output the index. Well you could loop
by using a template for that, just as before
the template tag won't get rendered but if we place v-for on that template, just like that, just like
before v-if, then it will render everything inside of this template just like it renders it up here
where we place it directly on the li item.
So here I could basically copy this loop here,
rename this to index though since I used index down here. And if I now hit control enter, you see meat
0, fruit 1, cookies 2.
So this is another way of using v-for with a template to use multiple non-nested elements with
this loop.